Video Links:
XR Interaction: https://youtu.be/5PUTxHaCxwo
Meta SDK: https://youtu.be/7ihqA-gQEzY



Task Allocation:  Our group met six times throughout this assignment. Our first meeting,
we only set up the headset and downloaded the necessary software for the assignment, using
both Gavi's personal computer and the CS225 lab machine. Our next meeting, we created the
blocks for Task 1 using the Meta XR SDK, and applied scripts Stephanie generated to the
blocks. All worked except for the blue block, which was the subject of our third meeting.
We went to helpdesk the next day to figure out the  block, and the TA applied a mesh
renderer to our block which fixed our issue. The fourth time we met was a teams call,
where we unsuccessfully tried to figure out the XR Interaction toolkit and how to use it
with the building blocks. We successfully created a platform and a red grabbable block,
but could not figure out why our scripts weren't applying to our other blocks and why our
controllers weren't being recognized as triggers. The problem turned out to be that our
blocks weren't Pointable/RayIneractable, and therefor weren't recognizing the ray
interactor. Our fifth meeting was only attended by Gavi and Stephanie, as I was not in
Colorado. They figured out gesture recognition with the XR Interaction Toolkit. The sixth
and final time we met was to figure out the gesture recognition for the Meta XR, and the
blocks for the Interaction Toolkit. We figured out the left hand fist and thumbs up while
we were together, and Gavi figured out the rest of the task solo. Gavi also implemented the
last three blocks of the Meta XR SDK. 

Stephanie: Generated scripts for Meta XR SDK Task 1, gesture recognition for XR
Interaction Toolkit, assisted in gesture recognition for Meta XR SDK 

Gavi: Set up Meta XR and XR Interaction Toolkit software, gesture recognition for XR Interaction Toolkit,
figured out gestures for Meta XR SDK, assisted in block creation for both systems

Bella: Generated scripts for XR Interaction Toolkit Task 1, assisted with gesture recognition for Meta XR SDK, wrote ReadMe

All three: participated in the troubleshooting of block generation, script generation, and hardware
and software setup. Attended office hours for help with Task 1, assisted with testing VR
capabilities, assisted with gesture recognition with the Meta XR SDK.